[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
MUSIC TO SOOTHE THE SAVAGE BEAST
[Mrs. Hertz] Now pay attention, children.
An electrical charge flows
through a section of conductor.
The current's intensity
is expressed in amperes,
but the source of the tension
is measured in volts.
This gives it the energy needed
to maintain the current.
If the tension given out from
the source is constant,
a continuous current flows.
There isn't one ticket left.
Completely sold out.
And I absolutely have to find one
by tonight.
Relax, Odd.
Aelita's gonna give us each a ticket.
She's the opening act at the concert.
She's got comps for all of us.
I know that. The problem
is I need two tickets for tonight.
So you made a girl a promise
you didn't know you could keep.
You'd never understand!
Odd! Would you repeat what I just said?
What exactly is an electrical charge?
Uh… It's the amount
you have to pay for electricity.
[everyone laughs]
Not exactly an enlightening answer!
I know someone else
who's more stressed out about tonight.
[bell rings]
[unintelligible chatter]
[Aelita] Won't you come to lunch, Jeremy?
No, I came up with a new program
that will help us to locate
new Replikas.
I just have a couple calculations
to work out.
-[Jeremy] See you later.
-[Odd] See you later too.
-I've got an important errand to run.
-[Aelita sighs]
[humphs]
Matthias, do you have a ticket left
for tonight's concert?
-Yeah, no problem.
-You mean it?
This is the last one, and it's all yours.
You're gonna love these guys.
Aerosmooth.
They're an incredible group.
-Aerosmooth?
-[sad trombone]
Subdigitals…
I liked them better as the Subsonics.
-I like their new name.
-Aelita, ready for the big night?
Don't even talk about it. I'm so scared.
Welcome to stardom.
Listen to this: "In our next issue,
an exclusive interview with Aelita Stones,
Kadic's brightest new star."
Did you know about this?
Milly and Tamiya haven't stopped
hassling me for that interview,
but I didn't promise anything.
You know what those two are like…
Always looking for a little gossip.
Forget about it
and think about the concert.
Whenever I do,
I get butterflies in my stomach.
I wish I could stop thinking about it.
I want to get my mind off it for a while.
I'll go and see if Jeremy needs any help.
See you later.
[Odd] I don't believe this. I'm jinxed!
The last tickets slipped right
under my nose!
But, Aelita's got a free ticket for you.
Yeah, but that's not enough
for his little harem.
Laugh at me, go on,
but wait till you see Kelly.
You'll know why I've gotta make
this date perfect.
This is the first time
you're going out together?
Oh, let's not get into all the details.
It's a shame I can't count
on a little help from my friends.
Try my brother. He must have
some sort of connection.
Hiroki? You're right!
I hadn't thought of him.
You're a genius!
Ulrich, you really ought to go out
with her.
[Ulrich] Hey!
[sad trombone]
Uh… You and I
are just friends, right?
Right.
Hello, we're looking for Aelita.
We're interviewing her.
Do you know where she is?
[both] She went to the gym!
-Okay!
-Thanks a lot.
-Just supporting school journalism.
-[Yumi giggles]
[theme music]
[soft piano music]
-[Nicolas] We've been looking for you.
-[Herb] Yeah.
-Can we have your autograph?
-Please.
[humphs]
-[Herb grunts]
-[Sissi] Dorks! Look, she's just dying to!
-But…
-[Sissi] I'm on to you!
Mrs. Einstein thinks she's a big star,
now that she's a cover girl!
-I didn't know about--
-[Sissi] Everyone knows
that I should be the opening act.
You're gonna be a total fool tonight.
I can't wait to see that!
And you will, Sissi.
You're gonna have enough time
to watch from the audience,
'cause Aelita is gonna be on stage,
and not you.
[humphs]
-Ouch!
-Idiot!
-[knocks on door]
-Come in.
Am I disturbing you, Jeremy?
I just finished running
my initial calculations.
Thanks to my program, we'll find
the last Replikas with no problem.
Oh! That's great.
See Jeremy, about tonight…
Oh, right, the concert.
I bet you can't wait to get on stage.
Um, not really.
Alone at my mixing table, I'm fine.
But in such a huge auditorium…
You'll be great Aelita.
Don't worry about it.
What's more, Yumi, Ulrich and Odd
will be cheering you on.
[shrugs]
And what about you?
I've gotta wait
till the calculations finish running,
and I've got a couple of things to do,
so I might be a little late,
but I'll go as soon as I'm done.
What? As soon as you're done?
I have stage fright and you say that
you're going to be late to my concert!
No, that isn't exactly what I meant…
I meant to say if it's really important
to you, then…
Important? I'm here telling you
I may not be able to do it.
Isn't that important enough for you?
Here's your invitation.
You can give it to someone else
if you don't find the time to come.
[door slams]
[tense music]
[cries]
[theme music]
Hiroki… You've gotta be kidding!
Take it or leave it, Odd.
I can get double the price
I'm asking you from other kids.
[humphs]
You wouldn't take an IOU
from your sister's best friend, would you?
[humphs]
See ya.
[Sissi] If I catch you groveling again
in front of that stuck up, pink haired
mouse, I'm taking back those comps!
You know what that mouse thinks of you?
What? You wouldn't have a bunch of comps
for tonight, huh?
What do you think? Being the principal's
daughter has its advantages.
And you wouldn't have an extra one
by any chance?
I do… But not for you, Odd.
[Herb and Nicolas laugh]
Then again, if you can convince Ulrich
to go to the concert with me
and not with that skinny crow,
what do you think?
Okay.
[humphs]
[ping pong balls bouncing]
Ta-dah!
-How was your hunting expedition?
-It was cool.
Odd the Great wanted a ticket,
and he got a ticket!
And Odd didn't pay an arm
and a leg for it?
Oh, no, and by the way Ulrich,
I want to ask you
a teeny weeny favor, okay?
Ask me a favor? Go on, what kind of favor?
[humphs]
[shrugs]
Oh, no big rush.
Why don't we talk about it later?
Ah, there you are. I came
to give you your tickets for tonight.
What's wrong?
Oh, it's nothing, it's on account
of Jeremy.
Einstein wins another first prize
in diplomacy?
-[sighs] Yes, I guess you might say that.
-[Ulrich] Oh, relax, princess.
You're gonna bring the house down tonight.
-For sure.
-Yeah!
Anyway, don't get there too late.
The crowd's gonna be big.
[crowd chatters]
-[sighs]
-[knocks on door]
-[everyone laughs]
-[Odd] Surprise!
We came to see our favorite star
before she gets too famous to see us.
Don't be so silly.
I'm really glad to see you all…
Didn't Jeremy come?
Sure he did, but we lost him in the crowd.
You know Einstein, a great head for math,
but it's always in the clouds.
Don't worry, he'll be out there
cheering you on.
[Aelita] I hope so.
[female voice] Aelita,
you're on in five minutes.
Time for me to start concentrating.
[Yumi] Okay then, we'll take off.
You look beautiful tonight.
You gonna knock 'em out.
[unintelligible chatter]
[girl] Odd!
Hi!
Ah, there you are, Kelly.
This is Yumi and Ulrich.
-Hi.
-Hello.
Oh, hi.
Let's go.
-[Sissi] Odd!
-[Odd] Hey, Sissi, how're ya doing?
Why is that skinny crow here?
[humphs]
I gave you a ticket
in exchange for a date with Ulrich.
What?
-Well, uh…
-In that case, gimme back my ticket!
Kelly, you can have mine.
Odd, you told me you spent your last penny
buying tickets to this concert,
not that you were wheeling
dealing with Delmas! Loser!
-[Kelly] Keep your ticket!
-I wonder if she bites.
By the way, Odd, what was that
teeny weeny favor you wanted me to do?
Forget it.
Aelita, can we ask you a couple
of questions for the Kadic News?
Not now.
You couldn't have picked a worse time.
Aelita, you're on in two minutes.
I'm afraid you have to leave now, girls.
[theme music]
[tense music]
-[phone rings]
-Hello?
Jeremy, what are you doing?
The concert about to start.
Aelita was crushed not to see you.
Oh, I didn't realize how late it was.
Just one more calculation to run.
I'll be right there.
[computer beeps]
Now?
[sinister music]
[electricity crackles]
[shrugs and yells]
[crowd shouting]
It's Aelita's turn now.
Sophie… I'm ready.
[Sophie distorted] So am I.
[gasps]
-[phone rings]
-[Chris] Hello?
[Sophie] Chris, Aelita's not well.
She can't do the first part
of the concert.
You'll have to begin without her.
Aelita's sick.
We won't have an opening act.
That's a real bummer.
I sure hope it's not serious.
Anyway, let's go get 'em!
[presenter] Ladies and gentlemen,
the Subdigitals!
[everyone screaming] Yeah!
[rock music starts playing]
-But… Why didn't Aelita go on?
-[phone rings]
-Jeremy?
-XANA's just launched an attack!
[Yumi] They cancelled Aelita's act!
That sounds like XANA. Check it out,
and then meet me at the factory.
XANA alert! Let's go backstage
and see if Aelita's okay.
[Odd and Ulrich nod]
There she is. Over there.
[panting]
[gasps]
You think they're angry
because they blew a scoop?
[Jeremy pants]
[groans]
I'll try to distract them.
You guys go and get Aelita back.
Good luck dealing with the press!
[girls growl]
[rock music playing]
[crowd shouting]
[phone rings]
Jeremy, a woman's taken Aelita away.
She's heading for the factory.
Okay, I'll try to head her off.
You guys better hurry up!
[panting]
[groans]
[Jeremy grunts and moans]
[theme music]
[computer beeps]
[Sophie] Scanner Aelita.
[digital whirring]
[computer beeps]
[Sophie through computer] Virtualization.
[digital whirring]
[moans]
[mechanical footsteps]
[groans]
-[tense music]
-[panting]
[groans]
[metallic grating]
[Aelita moans]
[moans]
[Aelita] I'm surrounded.
[Aelita through computer]
Jeremy?
If you're there, answer me.
Lateral crossing pattern
and pincer strategy.
-What's that in English?
-Let's go!
[Sophie and Odd grunt]
-[Sophie moans]
-[Yumi grunts] Yes!
-[Yumi] How was that for strategy?
-[Odd nods]
-Guess we beat you here, Einstein.
-Where's Aelita?
She's already virtualized on Lyoko.
[laser blasting]
[Aelita moans]
[Aelita pants and shrugs]
[Jeremy through computer]
Aelita, are you okay?
[Aelita] Jeremy, at last!
This isn't where I was expecting you,
but I'm happy to hear your voice.
-[Jeremy] Sorry about the concert.
-[Aelita] We'll talk later.
[moans]
William?
[grunts]
[Jeremy] Are you ready?
Transfer Yumi.
Transfer Odd.
-[Aelita] William is here!
-[Jeremy] I'm sending in the cavalry.
Scanner Yumi. Scanner Odd.
[machine buzzes]
[computer beeps]
Virtualization!
[digital whirring]
-[Yumi grunts]
-[Odd] Nice one, Yumi!
Thank you! Ready for the tall,
dark, bad guy?
Uh, I think we have an audience.
[panting]
Jeremy, we're stuck. No way to reach
Aelita without some transport!
Yumi, you'll have your vehicles
in no time.
[computer beeps]
[hissing]
[action music]
[grunts]
[Yumi grunts]
[digital whirring]
[panting]
[Odd grunts]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
[theme music]
[grunts]
-[yells]
-[girls scream]
Awfully sorry, ladies, but no interviews.
-[William grunts]
-[Yumi shouts]
[action music]
[lasers blasting]
[grunts]
Flight pattern and pincer strategy.
Are you speaking English?
[Odd] Laser arrow!
-[Odd] Great!
-[digital whirring]
[Odd] What's going on?
[Odd] Close one.
[Yumi groans]
Jeremy?
[Odd] This time, we're on your own!
No help from the factory.
[Yumi grunts]
[Odd screeches]
[sighs]
[Odd] We're bombing on this one.
We're gonna have to change the music!
[moans]
[Ulrich grunts]
[action music continues]
[Aelita pants]
[grunts]
[moans]
-[Yumi] Trampoline spinning top action.
-[Odd] Gotcha!
[William] Game over for you Yumi.
[Yumi] For you too, handsome.
[grunts]
-[Odd] I was in the mood for fish today.
-[Manta shrieking]
[Odd grunts]
[groaning]
[Ulrich grunts]
[shrugs]
[crowd screaming]
Rock and roll!
[crowd yelling]
[rock music playing]
♪ They told me that I was
No good at all ♪
Oh, no!
♪ Such a waster… ♪
[Odd] Get your distance from the star,
guys.
Laser arrow!
-[Aelita] Odd!
-[Odd] Okay, let's go princess.
[Aelita giggles]
♪ What should I do?
Stuck to this chair… ♪
[grunts]
[evil laughter]
[Jeremy screams] No!
♪ Here and now today ♪
♪ Here I am
As I said ♪
♪ I can feel you think
"Such a waster" ♪
♪ It's okay I don't care ♪
[Ulrich grunts]
♪ Didn't want to stick with the fools ♪
♪ Skating down Park Avenue ♪
♪ I realize my time is now and here ♪
♪ Ready to go ♪
♪ Being sensible
Is just not sensible ♪
♪ Gotta break away ♪
[computer beeps]
♪ It's not my style
And I gotta get away ♪
[groans]
♪ We'll win it all the way! ♪
[crowd screaming] Yeah!
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
Return to the past, now!
[rewinding sound]
-[knocks on door]
-[Aelita] Come in!
I wanted to see
how you were doing, Aelita.
I have less stage fright,
I guess it's because I've already
been here, if you know what I mean?
No way I was going to miss
the concert for the second time.
You know, I didn't mean to blow up at you.
I put too much pressure on myself.
Maybe it was insane
to want to do this concert.
Aelita, sometimes the sanest thing
is to be insane.
[giggles]
[presenter] Now, let's put 'em together
for a brand new DJ, Aelita Stones!
[crowd screaming]
[whistling]
[electronic music starts playing]
[nods]
[screaming] Yeah!
Where's your girlfriend?
Dumped me. No big deal.
[Herb, Nicolas and Sissi laugh]
[theme music]